codepen link: https://codepen.io/lawrencesalinas/pen/bGBERMe 
 
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is the correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page, rather than merely define its appearance.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
it allows the user to create and structure sections, paragraphs, headings, links, and blockquotes for web pages and applications.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. Attributes are always specified in the start tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is an HTML tag that indicates a heading on a website. 1 per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. 
a need the attribute href and img tag needs the alt attribute.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<titke>

    7. What is an id? 
The id attribute is used to point to a specific style declaration in a style sheet.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
can vbe used to all HTML elements.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once per page.

    10. What is a class? 
 The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element. The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
can vbe used to all HTML elements.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Classes can be used as many times as needed within a page.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
You can make a HTML link open in a new tab by adding the target=”_blank” attribute.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
The #id selector allows you to target an element by referencing the id.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
he <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to styke an html page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
The element selector selects HTML elements based on the element name.example:
h2{
}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
he difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
The .class selector selects elements with a specific class attribute.
To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
<p class="human">

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? .
The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A CSS pseudo-element is a keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part of the selected element(s).

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
we can change the spacing betweem letters by using the CSS property line-height.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
we can change the spacing betweem letters by using the CSS property letter-spacing.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? use uppercase to change everything to capitalize.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
The * selector selects all elements.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
use /* */ to comment on css.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?use the command 
ls.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? 
Why do I have to be careful with this? we can remove a file using the command rm. deleting the file will also delete it from the file system.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
Version control is a system that records changes to a file or set of files over time so that you can recall specific versions later.

    35. How often should I commit to github? 
Whenever you add a new feature that's worth commiting to the project.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin firstname.lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 